5 years since the release of End Credits, a piece of music that changed my life.

thank you…

its a beautiful morning.

whens the last time you just shut the fuck up.

common ground.

live stream in a few.

man im super into you being like a production god father for all these kids.

this is true.

that was a weird few months.

what a relief it is to like making music again.

i need to stop dislocating my shoulder please.

i dont have a big enough brain to extrapolate what this headline means in a physical sense.

out now.

stream on all platforms, and a limited edition vinyl out too.

spontaneous connection to the music. songs that mightnt fit elsewhere, or that wouldnt have existed otherwise.

a new song out.

i just wanted to take some time to say thank you to all of you for following along.

aCcEpT mE iN fAcEbOoK.

i hope you guys are ready for music.

new music.

this is a madness.

is this a vid from my house in march.

shout out to the gamer bois who submit themselves to be the guinea pigs of this.

ok, should be good for everything aside from vertigo i think.

this is insane.

time to be less shit than i was before.

think that was the longest ive slept all year.

thank you for the music.

where does that leave us now?

its nice to play it really loud.

new music on wednesday.

this is incredible.

do you think were going to make it?

BREONNA TAYLOR needs her justice. this isn’t over. keep protesting.

end credits ep should be ok to play, ill check with umg for the rest.

DISLOYAL WTF????

all this religious imagery forgiveness shit makes me so uncomfortable.

is this guy trying to arugue biology with a biologist?

if you are confused by the defund the police conversation.

ok sean 86493415 who is definitely not a bot - glad to see youre against the immigration.

im sorry this shit is so distressing - but this is the reality that far to many people live through.

maybe 2500 people out today. even more at the march on monday. proud of dublin right now. black lives matter.

there were maybe 100 of us protesting last saturday.

oh yeah they said that it was solidarity to press.

they quit because they wouldnt be supported by the city when they brutalize protesters.

thank you for sharing this.

people in the u.s, a text to help end police brutality

any time someone says we need obama back.

i am proud to say that our team will also be donating all of our proceeds. not just profit. everything. take care x.

it is a very weird world to be releasing music into. i hope that if you need it you can loop this one.

bro its kpop fans wrecking the hashtags.

literally nothing they could have done prior to this video would make it justified.

thank you.

film everything.

i feel ill.

this is very important viewing.

again this comes down to conflict de-escalation.

bro if you think riots dont work you are mis informed.

if this is the best way fucking shoot me first.

man this reply is breaking my fucking heart. it might be what you need?

i completely agree.

an attempt and no hits is still an attempt.

you right. not tryna insight shit, just shine a light.

thats cool, but this shits still happening even if you sheild your eyes from it. take care of yourself.

im just holding up a mirror man.

so please pick a fucking side.

i could go on.

for people in dublin.

no more social media for me because im gonna throw up.

i found it this morning and couldnt take my eyes off it.

that hurts man.

the world has never felt more accutely on fire.

i know sorry i was breaking the law.

fucking lol.

this is incredible.

5 weeks of which i didnt even go outside.

talking about being at home for the last 10 weeks.

i see you you see through me.

my guy never let them touch that shit.

love this song, love you.

i want to say thank you so much to everyone who had bought tickets, please go get refunds and look after yourselves.

unfortunately all shows are now cancelled. we had everything rearranged for later this year.

most of the time.

i just look at the image i dont know how to read.

me too.

a very refreshing vision of our current state.

me too tbh.

its about me.

i miss my friends.

new music in 48 hours.

irish experimental(?) producer.

listened to this for the first time today and was pretty floored by it.

def one of my favourite releases of the year so far.

the first thing i ever bought on bandcamp a few years back (2016?).

and lastly, i have a new song coming out next week.

announcement.

so excited and thankful to be a part of this - cant wait for you to see whats coming up.

news on wednesday.

long post, will shut up now.

you dont know the half of it.

the last video for no future.

untitled out now.

time is elastic.

worth the time spent?

new ato today.

this is how i win.

a phoenix of sorts.

a new music?

thank you.

postponed - working on new dates atm, but not allowed to announce them yet due to corona.

sorry i can not deal with these fucks any more.

i have so much to give.

this is such a shit corporate boomer idea that its accidentally great? autonomous slideshow creation. someone at apple is living in 3020.

my friends iphone made him an unsolicited slideshow of the day we shot the album cover ahahaha.

same man, bought it but havent played yet. looks like a wildly different experience but also massive time suck.

sending love man, hope youre good.

this will forever blow my mind.

i would like to thank yung lean for only playing my favourite songs on his stream thank you yung lean.

:(

yes, dont think they ship til june though.

this is literally how it began, two weeks later we were filming (idea changed obv).

fun fact: joey, mikey and i filmed this over a year ago.

good morning.

and despite all the weirdness thats going on this is still important.

future starts here.

thank you.

now is maybe a good time to go through the 9737146 tabs i have open and finally close them huh.

so good.

lol.

for real man its worrying.

for real.

same.

this could of been us but you guys dont wash your hands.

this album makes me so happy.

please stay safe out there ill see you soon x.

tour announcement.

ok friends, weird news today re travel bans etc etc.

will see where it nets out tomorrow and will try to update you all asap.

london tonight.

my new found love of shit emojis has kinda mutated into looking intensely corporate. half of me wants to delete myself.

yes all shows still on atm.

first show of the tour down.

DO IT FOR YOU, NEVER FOR THEM.

tour starts this sunday - limited tickets left in most places.

and i want koenigsegg to over engineer my life wow.

two things.

give me 5.

last week of rehearsals.

this was a really good conversation - speaking on a static music industry and the push to take things into your own.

we thank you for it.

i dont know either.

thats so wild.

wow.

:((.

:((.

last chance to get a signed photo with every cassette.

ama happening now over here.

will be answering your questions on thursday.

fixed now.

this is fixed now.

10 extra spaces available tonight in london. show this flyer for entry (must be before 6:45).

also, there are limited edition cassettes and cds (+ signed photograph) available on the store.

tell your friends.

nerd.

the album is out and my face is everywhere i hope you like the music.

today in LA.

:((.

NO FUTURE - OUT NOW, WORLDWIDE - FOREVER.

tell your friends.

MIDNIGHT.

DO NOT SHUFFLE MY ALBUM.

2nd one for sure.

london release event.

four days to go wow.

if i ever have an eden license plate on a bright yellow urus please delete me.

bro for reeaal.

and i dont know how all of you guys ended up here or why youve stuck around but im thankful and love you.

i remember writing this wow.

one week to gooO0o0oo0

this is so good.

intimate pop up show alert.

hello chicago, you are almost out of tickets.

new release on my label.

so so happy to be releasing this.

10 days!!

TWO WEEKS WILL ALBUM.

i have no shows booked for spain atm.

not real.

also stream isohel on spotify.

NO FUTURE EU TOUR
SUPPORT ANNOUNCEMENT.

as weird as i feel thats its 2020 already and not still 2014 - i love how nice it is to look at.

new merch drop up.

wasted potential.

walk the line.

yes, no idea who decided it should look like that but that is real unfortunately.

first interview of the year and all we got was this weird ass playlist.

isohel live from the middle of nowhere.

see you soon.

30 days til no future.

the code will be sent on thurs.

:((.

lol.

love you guys.

on sale this friday, tell your friends.

why am i like this.

its all good man just jokes.

album not even out yet and already not good.

:((.

hope you like it x.

next few days.

keep an eye on.

you love dancing with me
or you just love dancing.

me being an idiot in kazakhstan.

although i had just spent the age of 13 in love with rihanna so ill happily stand by that instead.

a lot of people comparing where they were end of 2009 and im like i was 14 and thought guns and roses were the pinnacle of music i don't think i classified as a person.

i am far too close to the equator for comfort tbh.

happy new years i hope the rest of them dont feel like this.

thanks.

but also.

24 and sad.

vertigo world tour documentary (2018).

a year too late.

looking back to look forward.

did you contact the venue/seller?

psa : i have not announced any shows in NA.

not me.

BIG BAG OF VOTES WITH THE LADS.

please go vote and tell your friends to vote and their friends to vote.

and i feel labour current manifesto is a much better long term ideology than the tory party. not that its perfect by any stretch.

the economy is about to hurt regardless, and global downturn is imminent anyway.

lower prices yeah, but lower wages, tax avoidence, multinational offshoring of profits etc etc there needs to be a balance.

bot.

lol im with you.

this is part of a common misconception that things that are more expensive are automatically higher quality.

bro if you make 100k a year you would have to pay 1000 pound extra (83 pound a month).

i dont know if theres enough time to come back from the other side of it.

all for the sake of what? brexit? to win?.

whatever your political slant, it makes me so uncomfortable that this is such a massive movement built off of lies.

if this was ever about taking control of the borders they would have done so by now.

sector is failing due to buget cuts. the crash happened in 2008, the uk has more than recovered.

whatever you feel about brexit, it is really the wrong place to be looking.

i am so sick of seeing how effective bots have been at swaying public opinion.

uk friends please vote these fuckers out.

good to have goals.

naming of fans should be illegal.

no your not.

hope you like it x.

wtf.

i would say rami malek bond villain.

or blue plastic.

this is the best song of the year.

it is not.

site isnt loading man.

new music this friday.

the making of projector.

whats not adding? works ok for me.

fml.

imagine getting your threads wrecked by a baby yoda.

new merch drop, one week only.

jesus christ i was so sad.

i feel like were too old to be shit at skating.

not the vocals.

if youre in the uk and eligible please make sure you are registered to vote.

f.

so i had a dream that i was on a spaceship orbiting another planet and one morning we were having breakfast and frank ocean was there and we didnt interact at all. even in my dream i thought that was incoherent, but realistic in the sense that im a total bitch like that.

read this the other day, long one but v interesting.

ato is ok.

that is all x.

stream projector !!

come see me on tour !!

i love you guys thank you for everything !

bro you didnt see the comments like i see them lol.

going live on ig in a few x.

vip available here.

also more london tickets available here:.

cologne ticket link is fixed sorry for the delay x.

its broken - fix on its way.

try again !

nope, vip includes ticket.

cant wait to see you all again lets party x.

fuck always thought it was 'you cant kill me im verified'.

were doing a tonne of research into this atm across all merch as well as vinyl. will collate what we found so far and send.

psa: new music friday is a playlist on spotify. it is not an announcement. sorry.

or any touch screen kitchen appliance.

lol.

new music friday in 15 countries and counting.

:((.

it is happening - im told their site has been fixed.

check spam folder !

presale codes were sent out yesterday so please check your inboxes.

i look like a dweeb.

this was so wild.

stream space to.

orion blinks first and i am home.

not again lol.

first interview in a while. thank you for the kind words.

you get access !

:((.

so excited to announce my sophomore album - no future.

TELL YOUR FRIENDS.

just trying to do something.

gorgeous work man.

hopefully soon.

also keep streaming untitled thank you youre amazing x.

but wait theres more.

doctors hate her!

THIS IS THE END.

are you watching?

abandon window.

how fast the light died out.

but where do you draw those lines?

just as 16 feels now.

which is weird because in seven years time when i get there today will feel like a lifetime ago.

i dont know why but it feels like 30 is a blink away.

soon !

there are better source but this is the fastest one i could find

bro this image has been passed around with the same caption since april and its actually the result of 420 in hyde park lol.

its taken a long time to finish everything up. were almost ready to go though - i wouldnt be itching to share so much if we werent so close to real things.

good.

if all of you take part in the climate strike today ill leak something.

but didnt we dream big
once, or twice.

we are getting close.

submitted.

please look into this more.

delete me daddy.

cant write a song only do hooks.

lol.

thanks.

pretty amazing that i get to present my ideas on the scale that i do.

thank you for giving life to this, we are working hard for it.

empress reverb?

gonna start updating my spotify playlists more regularly again.

starting with songs for :(.

good morning.

found them, thanks internet x.

where are chad natalie and joey.

theyre ok yeah.

cant live there unfort :((.

cant wait to be done.

do anything
do your best
love the process
fail gracefully
age graciously
i am on my way.

play this at my funeral.

no hindsight in 2020.

for my life.

can i steal this.

thank you, by the way.

plans are overrated.

fuck off.

if you are eligible please please vote on may 23rd, our future depends on you.

just racing in circles again.

someone come see high life with me.

lol.

im down with this.

its up now im sorry please put the knife down.

there was a technical issue. its up now x.

3 hours, worldwide.

bruh.

leave a message when you go.

new music in seven days.

theres quite a lot of outro situations.

new music this month.

i can not see to see.

:((.

this is the first of many things to come this year and i am really excited to share them with you.

talk soon x.

hi.

i miss new york.

what is anything if not a giant meme of itself tbf.

anyway, dont be a stranger.

there is a lot coming
when its ready.

this is sick.

thank you x.

shit went 180 on me, please run that back though.

god i just scrolled back through everything ive ever uploaded on soundcloud.. dont know if i needed that nostalgia.

wtf.

wtf.

thank you for sharing 12M hours this year with me. if you care this is what i was listening to this year.

life is strange.

thank you penguino.

its been a long road, i couldnt even talk the last few days but im glad to be home.

if raising your voice wasnt somewhat disruptive no one would listen.

i love you guys.

student strikes in aus are a great idea and should be replicated.

all things must come to an end. last show of the year in dublin tomorrow. end of an era

you guys are crazy.

leeds tonight, brixton tomorrow, final show of 2018 in dublin. lets gooo.

limited merch available everywhere now until dec 7.

free shipping today only.

so thats one of tonights mysteries solved.

limited edition merch. two weeks only.

available on friday. free worldwide shipping on all orders for the first 24 hours.

bts from the last couple shows in germany. paris tonight.

like a weird palindrome. i think the importance i placed on it is a problem in itself but i just stumbled accross this and got a nice nostalgia hit, thought id share. hope youre good x.

fun fact: i made the instrumental for this in 2015 and couldnt decide if it should be played forwards or backwards. and i guess moving on from that, as vertigo came more and more towards being something i felt i could let myself work on, it was the only way to consider the album.

fucking same.

i always wondered if it was just me.

home straight, last run. 2018s been sweet to me. thank you all.

despite my best, you keep calling.

:((.

this was special.

yes.

same.

id love it if we made it.

thank you for sharing these nights with me, only a few weeks left of this tour.

yeats was right.

hypereverything.

so thats what that said.

massive congrats to zhang + knight for winning best new director at the MVAs last night.

yes.

hope youre alright x.

thank you.

nope.

we need to prioritise industries that are the solution to this problem from a systemic level right down to a personal one.

this is only partly true. there are not many alternatives for how the electricity in your home is generated. yes i need to pick better options but the options need to be there.

these companies recieve endless subsidies, investment, and tax breaks from govs around the world.

sometimes this feels so overwhelming i cant bear to think about it. we are facing the collapse of all life on this planet as we know it, and as ridiculous as that sounds its the truth.

its that or send an email.
its that or join a protest.
its that unless we do something.

if you have disposable income you can donate money to offset your foot print. spend time to buy more ethically and environmentally concious goods

forget your politics, this is the most important issue we can talk about right now.

doesnt matter who you support, all of us and especially our children will suffer if we dont do something about this.

fucking hell please read this.

didnt fit.

i dont think, im not saying you should be really cautious and shit, im, quite the opposite, just like its, everything is so, i mean, expecting anything to last forever is ridiculous i think.

i think thats ridiculous.

you think thats ridiculous?

of course everything lasts forever.

coming to a theatre near you.

:((.

first day of tour.

last vertigo tour.

end of an era.

start of an adventure.

one black hole later i finally feel like using the word futurebound again.

yep.

joy as an act of defiance.

sometimes i forget that the voice coming from the speakers is my own.

fucking lol.

this was important for me to let this idea go.

death to remakes, self obsession, and celebrity culture.

the last time ill be bringing this show to you.

just realised that this will be my fifth tour in two years. thank you so much for everything. i have so much more to give.

hope to see you soon x.

beep beep !!!

come back.

yep.

well after a few weeks of mixing hell i see the light.

it just hit me thats its september.

any shows planned for the uk/eu?

if nyc is a concrete jungle, la is a concrete spaghetti wasteland.

wtf.

the final part of the vertigo world tour documentary.

02:09.

disappointed but not surprised.

a different kind of difficult.

or something like that.

three parts over three weeks.

now theres a hole that once was a logo.

how fitting.

yes.

tell your friends x.

less than 24hrs to go.

after it im wiping my laptop - so this image can be a kind of time capsule.

about time x.

had to change the name of this fridays release for legal reasons.

Yeah this has happened to too many people i am trying to find a solution. Apologies x.

next friday x.

are there any more soft serve tees on the go?

fuck jealousy !

glad you felt that way

im me?

cant wait for you guys to see this.

no.

wait apparently vertigo has been streamed over 100 million times accross all platforms in six months wtf.

there will be more new music this month.

for a beginning.

about time.

This is a terrifying stat.

about time next friday

no :(.

i think looking back, its pretty clear i lost my way for a bit there.

music this month.

fuck it.

playing my first ever shows in the southern hemisphere very soon.

not me.

about time.

one week only.

it will only be a choice. one option of many.

if you are irish i urge you to vote yes.

thank you for sharing these nights with me.

including what will be by far the biggest show of my life so far in london.

its just overtones, man.

two and a half months later, part one of the vertigo world tour is over.

its nothing if you think about it.

thank you for this.

the last of the vertigo world tour, on sale this friday

lol.

news tomorrow.

like a tidal wave.
its big and it sounds nice, but
it doesnt exist.

no but tell the people beside you thank you for being so chill.

turn up to the m&g anyway, my team will figure it out

havent felt the summer like this in a long time.

i am so happy the 2000s are over tbh - no one needs to dress like that again.

26 sold out shows later, the north american leg of the tour is over.

Yo you and whoever youre with will be on vip, just let me know the number, you remember the timing etc right?

wrong album.

good morning.

something i really missed about new york is the poetry on the subway.

yo so someone ran onto the stage after we were done tonight and stole my sweater. not cool.

man same, ive seen it twice now. makes me want to make art.

go internet

annihilation is mind blowing.

pop up performance tomorrow in chicago x.

played my first ever show two years ago today.

gothic.

too long to tweet.

see you soon x.

if you had signed up it wouldve been emailed to you.

there will be.

wait 4-8 weeks, save a lot of money x.

Hmu.

i am ok.

thank you i am finally cured.